so I've been using the galaxy si since
it came out about two and a half years
ago and I think it's time for a change
I've got myself an upgrade and I've got
a little something for you guys as well
I think you'll like it
let's get started people ask me all the
time why I don't change my phone more
often and the answer is pretty simple
phones haven't really changed a whole
lot in the last two-and-a-half years
yeah small incremental upgrades with
each new version of the phone but
nothing earth-shattering has occurred
nothing that warrants a thousand-dollar
upgrade this galaxy si plus still
handles every app that I throw at it
just fine funny story about the yellow
coloring on the back of my phone about a
year ago I tweeted that if dbrand
changed the very boringly name to carbon
yellow to bulletproof banana I would
skin my phone in it and they actually
did it so here we are man of my word and
to this day carbon yellow is still
called bulletproof banana on their
website okay so the s8 while it's still
working great does have some flaws after
two and a half years the first of which
is this crazy burnin on the screen the
keyboard is very permanently burned into
the display of my Galaxy s8 and it does
get a little distracting when watching
videos or doing basically anything so
that's kind of a bummer my screen
brightness has always been on auto I
hope Samsung has figured out how to
avoid this in future versions of their
phone
I also intentionally never put a screen
protector on my phone when I bought it
so I could see how scratched the glass
could get with everyday use this is
Gorilla Glass 5 after two and a half
years it's got lots of little scratches
at a level six and a couple deeper
grooves at a little seven this was a
real-world two-and-a-half year long
scratch test there's also you know
normal battery life issues I've had this
phone for about a thousand days now and
I consider myself a pretty heavy user so
the battery life has decreased to the
point where I need to charge it up every
night as well as every afternoon not a
big deal I could replace my battery but
that would compromise the what
resistance and I'm always around
chargers so I've just left it as is the
biggest issue I have is that my earpiece
speaker is going out in the phone and
it's hard to hear people when on phone
calls and I don't really want to be that
guy who's on speakerphone all the time
yeah I could fix any one of these
hardware issues by just replacing a
component
but while they are inconvenient none of
them are deal-breakers all on their own
if I wasn't doing YouTube and my job
wasn't all online doing emails making
videos social media and all that stuff I
would keep using my galaxy essay for a
while longer
but since my phone is a tool for my job
I can justify getting a new one I have
gotten a lot of questions as to why I
don't make my own device clear since you
know it clears the best color there are
a few major downsides to modifying your
own personal daily driver the glass
could crack which is a very real
possibility for someone who hasn't done
it before glasses glass and glass can
break there's also the losing your
warranty thing and more importantly
losing any water resistance that might
come with the phone that's the biggest
thing since manufacturers aren't making
transparent phones I've been working on
a way to get transparent phones to all
of us while avoiding those pitfalls and
I think we've figured it out these are
all fully transparent looking phones
that have no voided warranties no
cracked glass and no compromised water
resistance dbrand and i have spent
months finding a way to bring these
clear phones to you
we call it teardown and as of right now
this very second we have scans ready to
go for almost every major smartphone
including the Nintendo switch and the
Nintendo switch light I'm pretty excited
about this one plus doesn't make their
batteries red anymore so we went ahead
and did it for them with the teardown
skin the red battery is back which adds
like all kind of horsepower I'm sure it
took months to get the scanning and
printing process just right compensating
for the curve that most smartphones have
and getting the image up to our
standards took quite a bit of work plus
we added little different Easter eggs
into every phone every device is gonna
be a bit different because the skin is
an exact representation of what's going
on inside of the phone this is a limited
edition drop only live for one week
starting today since we have to get them
all made and shipped by Christmas with
so many smartphones out there all
looking the same
we know that true beauty lies on the
inside and now the insides are on the
outsides I have a skin covering my new
note 10 plus as well you can see here
how there's a direct correlation between
the speaker grille and the port on the
outside of the phone as well as the USBC
port with the bottom of the phone the
vibrator motor the front earpiece and
even the camera unit we had to buy some
crazy cool machines to get this level of
detail and every skin is unique to the
device that it's covering if you're the
type of person who always has a case
your phone the tear down skins also work
with the D brand grit so you get the
protection of a case while still showing
off the inside I decided to go with
Samsung once again for my daily driver
not because they're the best they
probably aren't anymore I'm just used to
Samsung then I mostly just wanted a
bigger screen and the triple camera set
up so here we are the grass isn't always
greener on the other side though I
assumed all of my apps would just start
working when I switched over the new
phone but I can't for the life of me get
my gmail emails to come in automatically
as soon as I received them I've tried
everything and it seems like a very
weird flaw to have on a phone that cost
a thousand dollars so a new phone isn't
always the best phone a clearer phone
however is the best phone so go check
out my new line of teardown skins at D
brand calm it has all of the perks
without any of the risk when win hit
that subscribe button if you haven't
already thanks a ton for watching and
I'll see you around